dbeaver/pro#6715 Update README file (#3709)
dbeaver/cloudbeaver: README.md

  -    The database navigator now automatically hides empty folders in shared projects, reducing visual clutter and speeding up the process of finding active connections.
- Databases and drivers:
  -    Clickhouse: fixed the presentation of tuples and map data types in the Data Editor;

>   -    Databend database support has been added(thanks to @hantmac);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  -    Databend database support has been added (thanks to @hantmac);
```

As a community-driven open-source project, we warmly welcome contributions through GitHub pull requests. 

[We are happy to reward](https://dbeaver.com/help-dbeaver/) our most active contributors every major sprint.
The most significant contribution to our code for the major release 25.2.0 was made by:

> 1. [rad-pat](https://github.com/rad-pat) - added support for Databend in CloudBeaver Community Edition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [hantmac](https://github.com/hantmac) - added support for Databend in CloudBeaver Community Edition.
```
